Big company and yes sometimes it takes a while to find the information you are looking for. Global company and sometimes that information is with someone who is on other side of the world.
Difficult to change your schedule
You have to be self motivated. NO ONE will hold your hand and tell you that you're doing a great job. If you need constant affirmations from management, this company isn't for you.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
The management process is abusive, and I'm currently a manager. I've seen too much "behind the wall" and hate how our individual performers can be treated. You are forced to ride people and stack rank employees...I've been forced to give good employees bad overall ratings because of politics and stack ranking.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
- Can be overwhelming, very steep learning curve - Can be difficult to keep up if you are not self motivatedVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
No cons, so far - seriously. Like I said, I'm sure Amazon has some bad pockets in it here and there, but this is an amazing job, an amazing opportunity, and the biggest thing I have to complain about is that it's a little chilly in our building. I can live with that. Does Amazon demand high quality, measurable results? Yes! Is it hard work? Yes! Is it rewarding? Yes! So I'm not calling that a 'con'. Work/life balance seems comparable to other places I've worked - not worse.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
- You're responsible for your own career progression and finding the places and teams that are doing the stuff you want to do. No one is going to take you by the hand and help you with that. - Amazon is built, quite deliberately, to be Darwinian. The strong survive and the weak perish (metaphorically speaking) and the 'bar' is constantly increasing. The level of performance that would have been acceptable five years ago will get you canned today. It's a kind of crucible that'll help you develop a harder edge, if you can survive, that can serve you well in your career and in life, but it's often not a pleasant experience. I wouldn't recommend it as a place to work for just anyone.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Maybe because the company recruits C listers who have neither merit (intelligence, strategic vision) nor pedigree (academic or professional accomplishments), most of those who become successful do so in treacherous, low cunning ways. Imagine the Lannisters in Game of Thrones attacking the Starks in Game of Thrones; or Rawls and Burrell attacking McNulty and Daniels in The Wire; or Barrow and O'Brien attacking Mr Bates in Downton Abbey. This is every day leadership behavior at Amazon. The culture at Amazon is so infested with these middling talent weasels who have juked the stats and schemed their way to positions of power that new employees coming in actually start thinking that this behavior is normal and expected if you want to "manage people." The work itself was stimulating and fulfilling, but the sneering condescension of the d bags that cheated and skated their way through high school and party colleges, then just converted their winky nod nod good 'ol boy shenanigans into a "ask no questions, have no introspection" company culture have made manifest some of the worst criticisms of capitalism. Any left leaning political aspirant would look at this business organism and immediately have content to lash out against the corruption that can come in free enterprise where hard work is not rewarded, and the connected, incestuous, privileged class lounge their way to wealth while treating their employees and customers like some kind of filth their shoe picked up on the street.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Like any other job, there are possibilities of bad leadership in the company. They try really hard to hire and develop the best, but sometimes a few weeds grow in the cracks. They usually don't last long at Amazon though, so if you can hang tough, you will eventually get that great leader to report to again! The continuous improvement can also be a 'con' if you are not able to keep up with the high rate of change in the company. We move so fast, it can be a struggle to keep up sometimes.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
I have nothing negative to say. My experience has been incredible.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Every company has its issues, Amazon is no exception. Constant changes, culture training, high expectations. If anyone complains about benefits, that is their privilege speaking.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Constant policy changes Learning on the fly Scattered locationsVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Hot in the summers, cold in the winters
big company so things can get lost
prepare to work 12-15 hour shiftsVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Long hours very physical work
There are no major cons.
Sometimes the met can be tiring
Ensuring we utilize Frugality as one of our Leadership Principles more effectively, what we lack in.
break rooms are far! sometimes it takes 15 min of the break to get to the font of the building.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Robotic movements, Im the person who likes different thingsVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
no cons they are a great place to work
- Brutal work/life balance: they will tell you they don't believe in it - Extremely high pressure across the board - Not a sustainable career for a family man or womanVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
If you get a bad manager via a reorg, it can be very bad. Always keep your options open and transfer around as needed. Don't let complacency trap you!Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
The physical demand of being a picker/packer and in turn the night shift work
Long hours and working with rude people.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
May be fast paced for some people.
- favoritism - people can be disrespectful, especially as an L1 - the best talent is often underlookedVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Can be overwhelming at times.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
A ton of work for 15 dollars an hour. Very demanding overall
Work life balance is hard to have
- High turnover rate makes the placed disorganized because new people are constantly being hiredVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Work life balance is tricky here
Shifts are 10 hours but you get 3 days of a week.
I honestly can't say there is any to this date.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
long hours and physically demanding work
On your feet for 12+ hours a day, many reports and Washes to complete daily.
Work is physically challenged daily.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Super competitive fast pace environment.
Every facility should operate on one accord and treat their employees equally.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Every facility should operate on one accord and treat their employees equally.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Really big ship at this point; hard to make a difference
Odd work shifts 1:20-11:50. You¡¯re always sore AF.
Endless work, less and less human interaction.
Bad work load balance.Bad Managers
some times individual brilliances leads to poor team delivery performance.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
You will have no social life or time for yourself.
I dont see any issue working here.
they could pay more during covid
The downside is that it's a very fast paced environment where you think on your feet. so if you are the type that needs time to second guess yourself, then that wont be a great place for you to be at.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Changes come fast and frequent, which poses a challenge to keep up with. This creates some ambiguity that you may not see in an organization that introduces change at a slower pace, so that requires some adjustment.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Some shifts , the co-workers Are super lazy
Hard to advance little focus on improving leadershipVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
It's hard to get your foot in the door as these jobs are in high demand.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Hard work Not enought break time for work we do
Battling through ambiguity/uncertainty Elevated performance expectationsVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
If you're an area manager, you will definitely not be sitting at a desk!!!Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Workload can be heavy at times.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
There is no any word
goes off of point systems so its easy to get fired if miss days
Large company with some evidence of bureaucracy building.
It can get repetitive but it¡¯s really not that bad
Frugality as a leadership principle can be good and bad compared to benefits at other FAANG companies. Stock vesting schedule.
They are very strict there
individual recognition is hard to come by, very monotonous
Weird hours especially during peak
Workload can be heavy with under-resources.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
No room for advancingThey rather hire outsiders than those who are already in employees and familiar with processes.
fast pace environment and not much room for growth imoVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
short breaks, 10 hours shifts
** not great for long time career path
Tenure matters, loyalty matters, so be patient if you want to be successful hereVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
people complaining, lazy coworkers, long hours, can get very hot temperature wiseVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Being be able to work around the clock
I liked working at Souq that years.
You are guided but expected to be an amazing self starter. The processes and procedures in this size of an org can be overwhelming. If you are looking for a cookie cutter small comanpy this is not it.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
always in the need of operating at the next level
No issues with the staff
Tedious work, poor management the majority of the time
Upper management doesn't listen as much as they should which results in wasted time and money and failed initiatives.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
It takes time to become a full-time employee
The hours are long and you are on your feet on concrete all day/night. I don¡¯t mind it but it isn¡¯t for everyoneVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
baby seating talking about the same thingVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
hard working environment - some teams are not colloborative
Not really sure about consVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Interns are scattered throughout various locations.
Hight rollover rate. Constant change in management
Lots of extra processes involved for product to reach the customers
You always have to go fast
large company that doesn't care all that much
Not everyone is aligned to LP. Lot of managers are not technically strong.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Long hours standing in one place.
Monotonous work, constantly standing, impersonal environment
While I enjoyed my time at Amazon, one dislike I had towards my work day was how minimal I saw other people. For the most part, I was on my own during every shift.Verify your email to continue reading or Resend email
None at the moment now
long hours and no over time paidVerify your email to continue reading or Resend email
Company is too big to move
Not for the faint of heart.
Best job ever for sure
Slow upward progression and promo timeline
