Big company with a small company feel. Very entrepreneurial. Management facilitates your ideas that push the business forward
Good benefits and insurance plan
Really smart people, a lot of opportunity for growth, always encouraged to be innovative, think big, and create something new. Competitive salary and benefits with other major tech companies. 100% self motivating work environment. No dress code and 4 legged friends are welcome.
Jeff Bezos and his "S-Team" are brilliant and continue to make great decisions for long-term growth. You work with smart people, you work on exciting projects, you are pushed to your limits...which can be rewarding when you accomplish great things. The diversity of the potential work and innovation can be very alluring. I've often called Amazon my "Sexy Mistress...she's emotionally abusive, but she's so sexy that I go back for more punishment."
- You can learn a lot very quickly in a very short time - Surrounded with nothing but incredibly smart and driven individuals. - Compensation is well beyond my expectations, and more than suitable. - Exciting projects all across the company that keep you interested and focused. - Amazon is changing the world
I've been at Amazon for a month now, and I've seen none of the horror stories being communicated to the public, although Amazon is a large enough company that I'm sure there are good pockets and bad pockets. Everyone here is really smart, and wants to succeed both personally, and as a company. People collaborate and help each other, focus on data, and truly focus on the customer. Every company I've ever worked for talks about how important the customer is, but on day 2, they're forgotten. Amazon seems to genuinely focus on what's best for the customer, and it's awesome to be in meetings where people actually bring that up, and make decisions focused on long-term customer satisfaction. The opportunities to learn here are literally unlimited, and the opportunity to take on new responsibility is as well. I honestly believe you can be as awesome as you want here.
Amazon is doing lot's of cool stuff...but lots of boring stuff too. There are really well run teams...and very badly run teams. The experience for software managers and engineers is all over the board, from really run low operational load teams to teams where people burn out after a year. - Amazon is built, quite deliberately, to be Darwinian. You can generally expect that anyone who's been here for more than 2 years is competent and motivated or they wouldn't have survived. You can count on them as long as your priorities are aligned. There aren't many slackers here, and they don't survive long. - We work on so much stuff that there's always an opportunity to find amazing cool stuff to work on (note that it's an 'opportunity', one that you have to pursue) - A chance to make a huge difference - A place where you can learn a lot about all kinds of things, both technical and about yourself - Amazon encourages high mobility - even your manager can't prevent you from moving to another team within 6 weeks (normally, more than a few months under unusual conditions). - Your friends and family have actually heard of the place you work and have at least a vague notion of what Amazon does without you having to explain
This company gets A list performance from C list employees. The culture is quick and hard charging. You are always working in relevant and meaningful projects.
So many great reasons to work at Amazon! The pay is competitive. So many leadership opportunities! Benefits are unmatched anywhere else! The atmosphere is casual and laid back, fun, but also gives a sense of professionalism too. Stock options are a bonus! My favorite part is how they are one of the largest companies in the world, with a large corporate base, but I've never had the feeling of working in a "corporate environment". This company has done a great job of making everyone feel like they are in a tight family of Amazonians. Another great part is the continuous improvement! You never feel like we (as a company or as a department) are falling behind the curve in anything we do because of the CI.
AWS is the most amazing place I've ever worked throughout my many years leading organizations at global Fortune 100 companies. Its all about innovation and speed, and every single employee is encouraged to be creative every day. There isn't a single day that feels repetitive...its always Day 1.
I have learned a ton working for Amazon Web Service. I have to give 100%+ every day to keep up with expectations and changes. But at the same time I enjoy the compensation and working with really smart people that gives me a great work satisfaction.
Flexible shifts Quality teammates Lateral movement Great pay Great benefits
Great atmosphere, nice breaks, good bosses
good pay, nice people, good perks
great pay , health care , and promotional opportunities
Great benefits, salary, and you stay in shape. Opportunities to move up in the company.
Innovative and exciting place to work.
A great place to work
Enjoy bringing in new ideas, working for and having employees who are top talent, you aren't held back from an idea that you feel will benefit the company
stay fit. constant movement. great benefits
Inspiring story place to be part of
awesome place great management wonderful benefits
- Well compensated - Career progression - High opportunity
Leadership principles are amazing, and they are used by everyone.
Very clean and pay good to start out. Hours were decent to manage because they were four day shifts.
Good place to make money, overtime is always available when you want more money in your check.
Easy to get in . Good pay.
- you meet some intelligent/caring people - stable job - everyday is different
They pay is good compared to others, Flexible hours.
Good experience to learn some ins and out of supply chain and training, as well as management
Openings for transfer, learn new skills
- flexible hours - good cafeteria - friendly people
Culture, Opportunities, Brand Name on resume
Great opportunities to advance laterally or vertically.
The mindset of driven individuals working collectively towards the greater goal and the constant implementation of newer and more efficient ways to further excel to your true potential.
Easy hiring process and good base pay
4 day work weeks, signing bonuses, stock options, fast pased
Teamwork is awesome and respected.
Good pay, Smart engineers with leaders willing to take risk.
I love Amazon because of the opportunities they provide and the experience you can gain. I do believe management and communication can be more effective and everything will run much smoother day in and day out.
I love Amazon because of the opportunities they provide and the experience you can gain. I do believe management and communication can be more effective and everything will run much smoother day in and day out.
Interesting opportunities across different businesses
Good atmosphere, great people, keeps you nice and busy. Time always goes by fast.
Incentives to keep working there
Good stocks and pay.Good learning curve
More opportunities to learn technical stuff. You feel confident in your career once you prove yourself here.
The pay and the hours.
Great pay, Challenging problems to solve, transparent promotion process.
good working environment with nice management
One of the best reason to work for Amazon is the opportunity to grow. With Amazon you can be everything and anything you want to be because of the different options available to you for development. The company recognizes talent and it develops the talent to be the best in all kinds of situation. Amazon also believes in diversity of people and opinion which makes it easier to find your place within the organization; a place where you can make the most impact.
Leading the way in diversity and social change. Worthwhile work - especially since the start of the pandemic. Leadership principles are part of everyday conversation, and more importantly evident in the behavior throughout the organization. Opportunities are seemingly unlimited.
Great managers who give supportive, awesome feedback. Flexible times and decent pay
Working on innovative things Majority of colleagues are very smart Very unique culture
I work virtually and feel challenged everyday. I know I an advance my career. My colleagues are inspiring, supportive and diverse. My work is interesting and different. The benefits are amazing - pay is wonderful. Overall the best professional decision of my life.
Good pay And good benefits
Great cultural foundation with Leadership Principals Rewarding challenges in work Seeing tangible outcome of work
Great environment, inclusive, flexible, autonomy, shared leadership
Customer obsession means doing the right thing for the customer
Very good company very good
pay could be better for the work
Interesting problems to solve and unlimited resources to pursue solving customer problems.
Great benefits. I enjoy my work station
Surrounded by really intelligent peers.
They have very Flexible hours
easy work and good benefits
Easy job to do all in all.
You get a lot of hands-on chances to learn anything you want about your job. Manager is also very supportive in taking online courses that I feel help my career.
Work from home No commute
Good people to work with
decent pay, meet new people, learn warehouse jobs
** great compensation, not difficult work
Best infrastructure and cloud company Leadership principles infused day to day operations Crucible moments Working backwards is a technic you will always apply once you figure it out
good management, good people, lots of exercise, good benefits and lots of options for that
Being part of it will be like a dream and I will help be part of the company that helps people around the world
Great environment to work in and get experince.
Learning, Growing, and Taking Ownership.. of your role and the talent/skills you have is amazing. You are provided a wide range of tools, but you do have to own your path. You are able to bring you entire self. The compensation and added items are great as well.
a lot of groth oportunity
Nice people at the job and everyone is supportive.
Flexible schedule, fun incentives for workers
Well funded. Really follows their core principles.
You do not need to have experience to start working there
The pay is pretty good, but they offer benefits from day one. They are doing a great job handling the pandemic with strict protocols in place.
extra income full time being on top
good to learn a lot of technologies
The pay was alright and the hours were good
You learn a lot in a short amount of time and are able to gain responsibility as an intern.
Engaging Work, All opinions are listened to
Love the internal tools Amazon has built
You are secluded on your own at your station
big company with good benefits
Good to work if you want to expedite your learning on AWS. Very dynamic environment, if you can't adjust to fast pace. will have tough time. Very flexible with work from home and other employee benefits.
Simple and easy mindless work.
Pay frequency, ability to pick up over time, people
I enjoyed working at Amazon for multiple reasons. For one, the atmosphere was inclusive and friendly. My managers and coworkers were pleasant people and made the work day more interesting. Also, the pay was generous.
Good place to work in
good place to work as an engineer
Flexibility work hours and work life balance
Pay/Benefits. Opportunity to Grow. Able to work in any state.
It's a good job for sure
Loved working here. Amazon operates like a startup, I learned so much in a very short period of time.
